s is a staturoy exemmption sub-project of the hole foundation transparency statute analysis project. you will start with a master dataset of validated transparency laws covering all 50 states and federal jursidictions. your task is to extract the features of each statute in terms of statutory exemptions. Waht this means is that each state lists what kinds of records are made public by their state's version of the federal freedom of information act. Some states allow police records, some probably even allow judiciial records to be requested through freedom of information act requests. Some states allow very little others allow quirte a bit. I wantt you to generate a dataset that lists the rights of requestors. what types of records are permitted to be releases, and by what section and clause of the stattue. Does the state provide a special right of acess to records about oneself. Do they require third party otifications in records that are requested may contain private information about other individuals. Do they have clauses about what categories of information are made confidential by law? If so, what, when, and how? Then contrarily, I want you to then create a second set of data called exemptions from disclosure, these are akin to the rights of agencies NOT to release records. what exemptions are they allowed to calim. waht are the clauses and subsections of their transparency law laying out these rights. and do everything for the first set of data in reverse. Treat it as if you are advocating for both sides the person requesting access to records and then the person being asked to release the records and assume they are not on the same side, assume the agencie or records custodia DOES NOT want to release the records. Do they have an intelligence or proprietary information clause. if so, what information does that cover. Then perform the entire thing for the federal data. this will be different in a number of ways because federal data covers different categories of records. there are fbi files, declassified records, military records, secret projects, historical archives, and many things that just aren't going to apply, or not nearly as much, at the state level. eview the documents in this folder, and follow the instructions. At the end you should have files in several formats for each state. There should be a files seperating the data by state. for isntance 
  wyoming and you should create the data in multiple formats to make it suitable for future use. you should make csv files to make it suitable for import into notion and supabase, and you should create json 
  files to tstructure the data for use in ai training of a foia generator agent in the future. Additionaly you should then at the end compile a master datasets in these same formats containing all the data 
  for all jurisdictions in single files of csv/json/etc.

